Previously on Will Trent...
I can't believe you have
a college-aged son.
- How old are you?
- How old is your mom?
You are 18 years old.
That is not even close to old
enough to be in this club.
Weren't you doing a lot worse?
I mean, you had a kid!
I've known you
your entire life.
I have high expectations
for you.
Jeremy's grown now.
What's your next move?
Why is the Georgia
Bureau of Investigation
getting involved
in a homicide?
Victim's grandfather's
a billionaire.
He called the governor,
who then called me.
Oh. The governor.
That's right.
You have
an unreasonable boss, too.
That's your new dog walker.
Nico. Sweet kid. Runaway.
You're here because someone
sold you to that freak.
I can help you.
Hey, what was that
tattoo your girl had on her?
That's Zero Mile.
That's the trafficking ring
that Vice has been after
for years.
This girl's my shot.
I know that I can get her
to turn witness.
Just leave it!
We gotta go!
Oh, my God!
Please hurry!
What about your mom's?
Come on. We can go there.
We're not getting her
involved in this!
We're not getting anyone else
Hide.
Oh, come on. Please.
Please.
The Governor's been on my ass
to-- to buy you
a steak and martini,
ever since your team solved
the Campano kidnapping.
Not necessary,
but always appreciated.
Amanda, would you ask me
about the damn rumor already?
Fine. What is it?
I'm retiring.
And I think you should be
my replacement.
Wow. I'm honored.
And I agree.
Statewide Director of the GBI
is, uh, a beast of a gig.
No time for field work
and more handshakes
with Georgia's elite.
Handshakes
won't be a problem, sir.
Salut.
Why are you still here?
It's late.
We were having fun.
At least one of us was.
[sighs] All right.
Where's the mozzarella
that was in here?
Oh.
Betty and I played a game
called "find the cheese"
where I hide
a piece of cheese
somewhere in the house
and Betty finds it,
and if she doesn't find it,
I eat it.
Oh. Guess I'm not having
my caprese pasta.
But I'll make a--
I don't know--
carrot and farro salad,
I guess.
Oh. Uh...
After we played
find the cheese,
I got worried
she'd get diarrhea,
so we played
"find the carrot."
Okay. Thai takeout.
You want to stay?
I'm pretty full from all
the cheese and carrots.
See you tomorrow.
Okay, then.
- I'm not co-signing this.
- Why not?!
Oh, I don't know, because
wandering around Mexico
taking a semester off
to smoke pot is just--
I'm studying
coral reefs.
Oh. Pah! Okay, yeah.
Coral reefer.
You are supposed to be
going to college.
Do you have any idea
how hard it is to save,
as a single mother--
Did you hear that?
I don't know.
What are you doing
with that?
I'm helping.
- Don't move!
- No, no, no!
Don't shoot
don't shoot, don't shoot!
Charles?!
What the hell?!
Dad?
Faith, I'm being followed.
I need your help.
Look, I'm-- I'm sorry
for letting myself in.
I didn't want to risk
waiting outside.
And you still keep your key
in the-- the rafters, so...
So you think
you're being followed?
Yeah. I first noticed the car
a couple days ago.
It was a silver Lexus.
But this morning,
it passed by me three times.
Are you sure they weren't
just looking for parking?
Faith, the same car was outside
my work when I got off,
and then
it followed me home.
Charles, why would somebody
be following you?
I don't know!
Okay. Did you get
a plate number?
No, it didn't have plates.
- That's pretty creepy.
- Shh.
And then someone tried
to reset the password
on my e-mail account, too.
Yeah, that happens to me
about once a month.
You think I'm crazy, don't you?
Are you taking your meds?
Yes. And I've been going to
my veterans group twice a week.
Maybe I am crazy.
I don't know.
But tonight I saw
the same car parked
a block away
from my place!
Faith, you're the most
sane person I've ever met.
Please, if you take a look
and it's nothing,
we can go get
an emergency prescription
of antipsychotics
right now.
Please.
And you're still working
at the hotel?
Yes. The Cavinridge.
Five years this May.
Okay. We'll swing by your place
and check it out.
Okay.
- Not you.
- Nuh-unh.
Eat your pizza and go back
to your dorm. We got this.
All right. I drove around
the block. No silver sedans.
Thanks for coming, Will.
This is Charles.
- He's Jeremy's father.
- Hey.
Great to meet you.
Um, let's check out your place.
Is it...?
Uh, no, uh, that's me.
I rent the room
over the garage.
Oh, an ADU?
How many square feet?
Okay, can we geek out about
home improvements later?
I'm missing The Bachelorette
for this.
Wow.
Bathroom's clear.
Anything out of place?
No, it looks okay.
You typically leave the blinds
closed all day?
No, I-I leave it open
so the plants can get light.
You seem like a tidy person.
There's dirt on the floor.
No, that's-- that's not right.
I-I just vacuumed this morning.
Well, somebody
was in here.
And they were standing
right here.
What do you see
from there?
Just the house below.
Who lives there?
Sally and Kevin,
my landlords.
Maybe whoever was here
wasn't here for you after all.
Let's go check on
Sally and Kevin.
- Oh, my God.
- Charles!
Charles!
Oh, my God.
She had your card on her.
Yep, she's testifying for us
against a sex trafficker--
Matty Ellwood.
What happened?
Picked her up trying
to make a heroin buy.
But she told me not to call you
because you
"ruin lives
for sick thrills."
"Sick" thrills?
Hurtful, I know.
Can I release her
in your custody?
Thanks, Wirth.
Katie.
Do you know how many days
it's been?
You left me to rot.
That is a nice safehouse.
All the good junk food.
Everything you could want--
except heroin, I guess.
Well, the heroin's
important, actually.
That's why Matty
gave it to me.
Yeah, you know what? I know
that it's important, actually.
I do. I get it.
Are you making it to meetings?
- Every day.
- Yeah?
Leaves me with the other 23
hours to sit around and think.
Hey. Think about this.
Think about this.
What you're doing matters.
You are putting Matty in jail.
Your testimony,
you and me,
we are taking a sex trafficker
off the streets.
Think about that.
There's this girl, Jade.
And before I knew
how bad my situation was,
I convinced Jade that she should
hang out with Matty, too.
And I can't stop thinking
about how she's still out there.
And I don't know
- how I'm supposed to go on.
- I know.
I don't know how I'm
supposed to do-- do this.
I know. I get it.
It's hard.
She's really young.
How young?
She said she was 15.
I-I need--
I need Jade to be safe.
That's the only way
I can do this,
is if you promise me
that Jade will be safe.
I will go get her.
I promise. Okay?
Charles, why would
somebody be after you?
There has to be a reason.
They were following me.
Sally and Kevin are dead
because of me.
Okay. Okay. Come here.
You're okay.
Big, big mess here.
The perp had been
following Charles,
who was living
in their garage.
Something caused the perp
to switch his focus
- to the two of them.
- Want me to tell you what I see,
or would you like
to do the thing you do?
Just the single shot
for the two of them?
And, uh... no signs
of sexual assault, right?
Nope.
All right.
They were packing their bags
to get out of town.
They knew
they were in trouble.
We're not getting her
involved in this!
Hide.
Come on.
- Perp came in.
- Please.
Shot him right away.
Then he tied her up.
Judging by the state
of the house,
he was looking
for something.
He hurt her to try
to get her to talk.
You think she gave up what
the perp was looking for?
Nah.
If she had, he would've finished
her off with a gunshot.
She bled out.
What was she protecting
that was worth dying for?
Maybe she knew she was
gonna die no matter what.
Still took a lot of guts
to keep quiet.
That's strange.
Her hand's pretty clean
aside from the blood
on her fingertip.
Maybe she was trying
to tell us something.
Sally drew this star
with her own blood.
What do you think
it means?
She wanted us to find it.
That's all I know.
So Charles just breezes
back into your life
and drops a dead body
at your feet, huh?
Two, actually.
It's always something
with this guy.
Amanda. It's been 19 years.
Can you give it a rest?
However we got here,
we have a double homicide.
The intruder was after Charles'
landlord, Sally Wallace.
She's a software engineer
at the tech company Selantus.
Selantus?
You're kidding.
Why does that sound
so familiar?
They design and manage all
of our electronic systems.
Case files, suspect database.
They even run our payroll.
We should, uh, poke around
Selantus, ask some questions.
Maybe "star" was a project
Sally was working on.
Yeah,
but tread carefully.
They're important partners
for us.
Always.
So, where's
Charles staying?
With me.
In Jeremy's old room.
Until I figure all this out.
- Well, that's convenient.
- What does that mean?
It means you just got
one kid out of the house.
Don't let him
put another baby in you.
Amanda, why don't you
mind your business?!
Come on.
We're leaving.
Ohh!
What is wrong with her?!
I mean, where do you
want to start?
I was 15 years old.
We both were.
And if I hadn't
made that mistake,
then I wouldn't
have had Jeremy.
Do you think Jeremy
is a mistake?!
- I support all your choices.
- Thank you.
You wanna know who doesn't
support my choices?
My mother.
And "Auntie Mandy."
Mandy?
That two-headed
terrifying cop monster.
That's why
I didn't tell them
until I was
seven months pregnant.
Is there something
I should be saying right now,
or do you need me
to just listen?
Where do they get off
criticizing Charles?
She and my mom were the ones
who told him to leave me alone,
and that is why
he enlisted.
That's why he went
to Afghanistan...
...and that is why he has PTSD.
Well, uh, seemed like
a great guy to me.
Should we go solve this thing
so he can get on with his life?
Yes. Great idea.
Thank you.
This is Selantus?
They trying to keep people out
or in?
Special Agents Trent
and Mitchell with the GBI.
We have a warrant to search
the workspace of Sally Wallace.
Hi. Uh, Vince Arrigotti,
Head of Software.
Did I hear you say
you're GBI?
That's right.
Is everything okay
with Sally?
She didn't show up
for work this morning.
Sally was killed last night
in a home invasion.
What?
Sally was
one of the best.
Terrific coder.
Friendly face.
Sorry.
I'm-- I'm just--
I'm just still trying
to process all this.
It's shocking.
I know.
Well, she kept things orderly.
Yeah, our-- our cleaning crew
comes through every weeknight.
They're very thorough.
She, uh, didn't carry
any notebooks?
No binders or folders?
No. Our entire office went
paperless a few years ago.
That's a whole lot of pens
for someone with no paper.
Then we'll need a copy
of her e-mail box
and any internal messaging
systems you may have.
Anything you need,
we'll get it for you.
I'm Reese Fox,
Selantus CEO.
Reese, this is Will Trent
and Faith Mitchell.
They're from the GBI.
If there are any questions
we can answer about Sally
or whatever you're looking for,
please fire away.
No, we're good for now. Thanks.
They were trying to
figure out what we knew.
I don't like this place
at all.
Yeah, me neither.
But you got to hand it to 'em.
That software is so much nicer
than APD's.
It's like if
a Swedish design firm
decided to make life easier
for cops.
- Can I get two bananas?
- Yeah.
- You have matcha?
- Mnh-mnh.
Just the bananas.
That guy Vince knew our full
names. We never told him.
You think Amanda
gave them the heads-up?
Without running it
by us first?
It would've given them time
to clean up Sally's desk,
but what would they
be hiding?
You do not need to
babysit my diabetes.
I had breakfast this morning
and everything.
You want the free banana
or not?
Huh.
That's disappointing.
Hey, Will?
What is it?
Tech conference
last weekend.
Selantus was a sponsor.
Will, it was held
at the Cavinridge Hotel.
That's where
Charles works.
Yeah, uh, Charles' key card
was used during the conference.
I already talked to the GBI
about this.
No, you didn't.
We're the GBI.
Uh, yes, I did.
Someone called wanting to know
what staff key card was used
to open the room
during the conference.
I gave them Charles' name.
- That wasn't the GBI.
- Yes, it was.
And I remember because
I was saying, "FBI?"
And he said, "No. GBI."
Well, you were lied to.
Okay, Charles was
out of town last weekend,
so he couldn't have used
his key card.
Do you have video?
Uh, yeah.
Someone's
impersonating us now.
Yeah, I'm flattered.
Here we are.
That's Sally.
She must have stolen Charles'
card while he was out of town.
Whose room is that?
Well, it was part
of a block of rooms
for the conference
booked by...
Selantus Security.
Well, whatever Sally took,
that's what they're looking for.
Mm-hmm.
♪ Yeah, yeah, baby, baby♪
See, I used to work the griddle.
Great skill to have.
And soothing, too,
when the world goes to hell.
Yeah, I can make a good
frozen burrito, so...
Oh, okay.
Well, a kid your age should
know how to make five meals.
- I can teach you.
- Yeah!
- Yeah?
- That'd be dope.
- All right, man.
- Hey, there.
- Oh, hey.
- Hey.
Uh, I hope you don't mind,
uh, breakfast for dinner.
I do not mind.
The kitchen looks good.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
I-I-I cleaned.
So, any leads?
♪ Trust me you haven't lived♪
Uh...
in a minute.
♪ How simple it could be♪
Let me eat my plate.
Oh. Yeah, yeah.
All right.
♪ Until you love somebody♪
♪ How simple it could be♪
Oh, uh...
nice, um, space.
You should get a plant.
Maybe some art.
A few more square feet.
Well, I have Tim's
gross microwave he left behind.
Man liked to reheat
a lot of soup, apparently.
So, did you, uh,
ask Charles about the star?
Yeah. He can't think of
anything it can mean.
But get this. You know how
he was out of town last weekend?
It was because Kevin
gave him tickets
to a music festival
for his birthday.
Kevin arranged for
Charles to be gone
so that he and Sally
could use the hotel key.
Do we think Kevin
put her up to it?
The analyst pool is putting
together a Kevin profile,
but Charles says he's just a guy
who works at a coffee shop.
Sally had the career.
Kevin just liked
- to hang out and read.
- Hmm.
Good morning, Special Agents!
Sorry.
Uh, hi.
I am Rocky Angelina.
I'm with digital forensics.
I've been assigned to your case.
I was able to extract
a digital backup
of your victim's cellphone.
Let me show you.
Okay.
So, here,
you have texts, contacts,
browsing history--
you name it.
Can you search
the word "star"?
You bet.
Okay. Over 10,000 hits.
How about the, um,
star symbol thing?
I think he means
the emoji.
- Yeah.
- Right.
Ooh. Good instinct.
Look at this.
One of Sally's contacts
is just the star emoji
and a phone number.
Let's call it.
Hello? This is Special Agent
Will Trent with the GBI.
Who's this?
Whoa!
Who was that?
Who indeed, Rocky?
You're not in Vice
anymore, Ang.
Why don't you just
let them handle it?
Vice is six weeks backlogged,
and this is time-sensitive.
We could lose this case
against this dude
that is trafficking
both of these girls.
"Matty"?
That's a red flag right there.
Even I knew
when to give up "Mikey."
You could still
pull off "Mikey."
I don't know if you mean that
in a good way.
Listen. I got a tip. I know
where she's being pimped out of.
Come on. Let's just go
do this ourselves.
You got a warrant? What,
is she on a wire or something?
Nope.
So... what? We just come up with
an excuse to knock on the door?
Yup.
And whatever happens
happens?
Yup.
Okay. I'm in.
Check this out.
I taught Betty a new trick.
It's called The Moment.
Hey, Betty,
are you the moment?
Yes!
She is the moment!
Wow, Betty.
Stunning as always.
Nico, did you take $20
from my wallet?
What? No.
Two days ago,
I had $74 in my wallet.
Three 20s, one 10,
and four singles,
all facing
the same direction.
It's compulsive, I know.
But you can't steal from me.
I know where everything
in this house is.
Now, I'm gonna
ask you again.
Did you take $20
out of my wallet?
Whatever.
You can afford it.
Nico, if you need money,
just ask.
What's going on?
I don't need any favors.
I didn't ask
for this job.
Let's just make
this easy.
I quit.
Yeah. Rough.
Okay. Don't freak out.
What is it?
I took him to Piedmont Park
just to, like, walk around,
you know, touch grass.
- I-It was good, but--
- What?
Charles?
Are you okay?
Someone was here.
What makes you say that?
It's off. The house.
It-- It--
I can't explain it.
It just smells different.
Did you
notice anything?
It smells normal to me.
All right. All right.
Let's clear the house,
and if we need to,
I will have APD come
and send a patrol car
to watch the front door.
Okay?
Mm-hmm.
Faith, I'm sorry.
I just don't know what's real
and what's not anymore.
You're good.
Yeah?
We're okay, but somebody
broke into my house.
Someone's following me.
What?
Where are you?
I'll call you back.
Hey!
Why are you
following me?!
Jess Noonan. I'm a reporter
for the Atlanta Star Standard.
You're star.
Can we go somewhere
to talk?
You have to promise me that
you tell no one about this.
Not your therapist,
not your mom,
and, for sure, no case notes--
not until this is over.
Unless you want another
dead body to clean up.
Okay.
Talk to us about Sally.
She was
a whistleblower?
Sally and I went
to college together.
I hadn't seen her
in a while,
but she came to me
a few weeks ago with a tip.
There is a back door
in the software
that Selantus designed
for the GBI.
Record searches,
logged evidence,
house calls, case notes.
They're spying on you.
That would explain why they knew
we were coming to their office.
Who's using this?
Look up the investors
for Selantus.
It's every inner-circle old boy
in Atlanta.
So you're saying that people
are paying to find out
what the GBI knows
and when?
It's incredibly valuable information.
Does anyone know
about you?
I haven't told anyone
at the paper.
Reese Fox,
CEO of Selantus?
She donates to my editor's
cancer charity. They brunch.
So, what were you gonna do
with Sally's information?
I told her she had to get me
the actual code on a hard drive,
something that no one could
deny, then I would publish.
The next time
that I heard from her
was when she mailed me
this key with a note
that said she'd call me
to tell me what it opens.
But someone
got to her first.
We knew Selantus would
want the hard drive back.
But I never thought that
they would murder her for it.
If what you're saying
is true
and Selantus is selling
GBI intelligence,
then they would need
to protect their clients.
And the only way we can prove
that you're right
is with that hard drive,
but we don't know
where Sally hid it
or what that key goes to.
- You have to find out.
- Here's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna take you to the GBI,
where we can keep you safe.
You think that
the GBI is safe?
Belly of the beast.
I can take care of myself.
Don't use your computer
or your phone,
anything with Selantus software installed.
If you want to stay alive...
trust no one.
♪ Give me the night♪
What the hell happened?
Give me your phone.
Why'd you just put my phone
in a dirty microwave?
- This is a clean room.
- Should I go get my tinfoil hat?
Selantus is wiretapping
the GBI
with the software
they made for us.
D-Do you have proof?
We have the dead body of
the reporter who was working
with Sally, the whistleblower,
who is also dead.
We also have
a threatening note
that someone left
in my house last night.
Selantus knew we were
coming to their office.
They've been one step ahead.
Someone's even impersonating
the GBI on the phone.
- Guys--
- Rocky, come in. Close the door.
Sorry to be rude. I-I've
been calling over and over.
- This is a clean room.
- Cool.
I want to let you know
someone is doing maintenance
on the computer servers,
- and it's fishy.
- Fishy how?
Well, I talked to everyone
who's on duty with IT,
and no one knows who's doing it.
That's weird.
Selantus is
scrubbing the code.
They're covering their tracks.
Thanks, Rocky.
Amanda, you got to
shut it down.
Okay, listen. Let me talk
to Director Armstrong.
I've got to give him
a heads-up.
No. Absolutely not.
He might be a part of this.
- Excuse me?
- You can't trust him, okay?
The guys on that level, they're
all playing the same game.
What if I'm on that level
someday, Will?
I-Is this what you're
gonna think of me?
Is that what this is about?
Protecting your final promotion?
Whoa, guys! Same team. We got to
figure out a call here.
Hi. Um, ma'am...
Director Armstrong
is in your office.
I'm gonna go talk
to my boss.
Caroline, will you please get
my phone out of the microwave?
Uh, Special Agent Mitchell,
Charles is on his way up.
And, um, Special Agent Trent,
I had someone pick up
a fresh suit for you,
as you requested.
Thank you, Caroline.
You had Caroline send
someone to your house?
You have a really unhealthy
attachment to your suits.
- You know that?
- Yes. I do.
Hm.
I pulled the case file.
Your people think
last night's shooting
is linked to the Selantus
home invasion?
My people think Selantus
is doing the shooting.
Amanda, that's insane.
There has to be something else
going on here.
- Who's telling you this?
- I've got Trent on it.
And you support
what he's saying?
Sir, do you remember how
I investigated Lorne Renfield
for fraud
a few years ago?
He's on the Board
of Selantus.
Do you have a question
for me?
His defense against
my investigation
was the most impressive
I'd ever seen.
It was as though
he knew my playbook
the minute I put it out
on the server.
Let it go.
You didn't have a case.
Maybe he got
a little greedy,
cut a corner
on his quarterly filings,
but he didn't break
any laws.
And now he knows
that you're watching him.
Well, I'd say
we're watching each other.
It's checks and balances.
The system of
law enforcement
works exactly
how it was designed to.
Of course.
You're right.
Good.
- So?
- This is Sally's P.O. box key.
I checked it a few times for her
when she went on vacation.
That's where she hid the hard
drive. We need to get to it.
Oh, I can send you
the box number.
If they're wiping the computers,
that hard drive
is the only remaining evidence
that a back door ever existed.
What are you doing?!
I just e-mailed you
the box number.
Why did he have a cellphone?
This is a clean room.
What's a clean room?
You think Selantus
is reading our e-mails?
Jess specifically said
not to use our cellphones.
We should assume
they can see everything.
We need to get to that
mailbox before they do.
Hey! What's going on?
My computer stopped working!
I believe you. Now go solve this
thing before we lose our jobs.
Try rebooting your system.
So, Katie says
the way this works
is that Matty says he's gonna
introduce the girl
to his "producer" friend,
and then he leaves them alone,
and some amazing role
rests on what she's
willing to do with him.
Ah, that seems legit.
You sure
you wanna do this?
The girl doesn't talk, this
guy's gonna have us by the ass.
I will get her to talk.
I will.
- Can I help you?
- Yeah, APD.
We were passing by
and heard a scream.
What? No.
Wasn't from in here.
Try next door.
They do waxing.
You know what?
We're gonna need
to take a look around.
We'll be out of your hair
in two minutes.
No! Get a warrant!
Nah, we have probable cause.
This is a Fourth Amendment
violation. There was no scream.
You sure? You have a security
camera you can check?
Dang it. Looks like
this is the only one.
What do you use
this puppy for, huh?
- Where's Jade?
- Hey, that's a private office!
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Hey! Yo! Get off of her.
Get the hell off of her!
Let's go.
This is a casting session.
We're talking about a role.
Jade.
Your name is Jade, right?
I'm Angie Polaski. I'm APD.
I want to help you.
Matty said
this is my big break.
All right.
Arms up, please.
Courtesy of Matty, right?
Listen. I don't want
to take you in for this.
I don't want to
take you in at all.
I want you to leave, willingly.
Everyone is gonna be
so pissed at me.
Matty's going to jail.
Your friend Katie's
gonna make sure of it.
She just wanted you
to be safe first.
Guess she's jealous.
I will sue the department!
Who's your captain?
Get your hand off that phone,
sit down, and shut up!
Listen to me.
Matty is lying.
He's not an agent.
He's not legit.
He sold Katie.
He sold her to
a violent sex offender,
and he's gonna do
the same thing to you next.
Did he give you
a tattoo?
He gives them
to all his girls.
Let me see.
I've seen a lot of these.
Not on actors or models.
The last one I saw was
on an O.D. at the morgue.
Please.
Just tell me.
Is Matty forcing you
to have sex with these men?
I'm an actress.
I'm gonna be famous.
Not like this.
Just tell me, Jade.
Is he forcing you?
Yes or no?
Yeah? Okay.
Okay. Thank you.
Let's get you out of here.
Come on.
Silver Lexus.
Just help me.
Help me help you.
I'm just trying
to get into this box.
It's Vince.
- Freeze! GBI!
- Oh, my God!
- He's got a gun!
- Get down!
Find the box.
Can you open this door?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Got it.
- Everybody get down!
- He has the hard drive.
Move! Move!
Vince,
you don't have to do this.
Give us the hard drive,
and we can end this.
- That didn't work.
- Yeah, no.
Your computers
will be operational again
once we know
the situation is secure.
Amanda, you cannot unilaterally
shut down the GBI.
- Sir--
- Frankly, I'm shocked
that you'd jeopardize
your future.
What does my future
have to do with this?
You're not taking this
personally, are you?
Just fix it.
Come here!
Come here! Come here!
No!
Open it. Open the door!
Open the door!
Stay down! Stay down!
Vince, we know you were
spying on the GBI, all right?
There's no hiding it.
You don't know anything.
What I do know is whatever
Selantus promised you
is not worth dying for.
You're under arrest.
We were able to tie
Vince Arrigotti's gun
to each of the crime scenes.
He killed three people.
And now he's in a jail cell
refusing to talk,
hiding behind
the best lawyers in Georgia.
So who told Vince to tamper
with the GBI code?
With due respect, Vince was
stealing secrets, yes,
but they were our secrets.
We looked into it, and we found
that Vince was stealing
the code that made
our GBI operating system
so fast and easy to use.
We think he was selling it
to one of our competitors.
Are you kidding me?
You think
he killed three people
over the secret
of your pretty software?
He was accessing
GBI case data
and selling it
to the highest bidder.
Vince had a background
in Army Intelligence.
Sometimes, that experience
can desensitize people.
- You are full of--
- Faith.
Reese, we'll need to complete
our own forensic analysis
of the GBI system
to confirm your findings.
- Of course, Director Armstrong.
- You won't find anything.
That's what the server
maintenance was about, right?
They cleaned up
all their tracks.
The only proof we had
of a back door
evaporated when Vince destroyed
that hard drive.
That's offensive speculation,
Special Agent Trent.
- So shoot me.
- I think we're done here.
This has been
a very unfortunate chapter
for your company, Reese.
There will have to be consequences.
We'll be tightening hiring
practices, background checks--
I think what the director means
is that the GBI
is severing its relationship
with Selantus,
effective immediately.
Is that what you meant,
Director Armstrong?
If Wagner's assessment is that
the trust has been broken--
It is.
Then, yes,
we will have to move on.
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh♪
♪ Ba da da da da♪
Oh.
I brought you this
for your office.
Look at that.
♪ Didn't I♪
So... what's next?
Oh.
I found a new place.
Yeah, feels like
the right thing to do.
- Yeah.
Oh, and I talked Jeremy
out of the semester in Mexico.
How did you do that?
Oh, we-- we made plans.
You know?
And he decided that he wanted
to stick around, so it's cool.
♪ Ooh ooh ooh♪
Hey.
I am so sorry about how
everything played out back then.
♪ Why you wanna leave me,
baby?♪
My mom and dad
and Amanda.
I should have
stood up for you.
No. No.
Are you crazy?
No. We were young.
You were young.
I was young.
And to be honest, I thought
your family was doing me a favor
by telling me
to stay away.
It was only when I joined up
that I...
I started realizing
what I was missing.
Yeah.
You know, sometimes I wonder
if we could've--
What?
♪ You look bad♪
Um, got married?
- No.
- Lived happily ever after?
- Co-parented.
- Oh.
No, but J is a great kid.
Like, you did that,
and that's all you.
- Mm.
- And I'm here.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
You think you can teach Jeremy
how to make those pancakes?
Oh, yeah.
That, roasted chicken, risotto,
pineapple upside down cake.
Listen, woman,
it's being planned, okay?
It's all planned.
- Okay.
- I got you.
Okay.
You know I had to get plants
that didn't need light,
'cause your windows...
This is adorable.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. You know, it's all love.
So, we're gonna get you set up
at the safehouse with Katie.
Just eat something first, please.
It's honestly not that bad.
Hey. I thought you were
gonna look after the kid.
Which kid?
Those kids?
- No. Nico.
- Sup, scumbag?
Your fly is down.
Made you look.
- What happened?
- Nico got into a fight.
Or more like they got
their ass handed to them.
You should see
the other guy.
It's like he just got out
of a day spa.
You should know
that my record
for waiting for a suspect
to talk is 23 hours.
I got nothing but time.
Not true.
You've got one hour till Betty
poops on your rug.
I'll buy another rug.
Unless you stole more money
from me on your way out.
What's going on, Nico?
Does this have anything to do
with why you needed money?
Who beat you up?
Nico,
you can talk to me.
Guy named Troy.
I'm not kidding.
That's his name.
Troy.
He lives downstairs.
Simple extortion situation.
20 bucks buys me 24 hours.
What's Troy's last name?
You know,
we're not close.
What's his story?
What else is he involved in?
Can we move on from Troy?
All you had to do
was tell me.
Seems like you need to get out
of your living situation.
That's a great idea.
I think I'll rent
a penthouse in Buckhead.
I have another idea.
I'm sorry.
W-What's an ADU?
We are turning the garage
into a bedroom.
Nico's gonna help.
And live there.
But you're also gonna work
your ass off.
Wow.
First the dog, now Nico.
Opening your own
group home.
We gotta stop at Home Depot.
What about dinner?
Captioned by VITAC--